oops!
Hu Laoqia, what are you doing?
But that couple,
Deliberately now in order to force my hand,
If I die, I will be captured, right?
It’s already long outside,
Why haven't Ye Feng and the others come back yet?
If you meet me and go out to eat,
But what if you can’t see me?
Not as good as that eldest lady,
He came back alone, and Night Breeze had forgotten all about them,
I pluck news and wild vegetables on the edge of wisdom,
I didn’t see them,
I thought you were angry and wouldn't come back?
How could it be, on this yellow island,
If we don't report it, it will be our own fate.
It would be great if you could say that,
In this issue, Wang Yefeng forgot about it and came back soon,
Are they back?